right about yo
all right what's up everybody so this is
a we're starting our new North American
tour in support of wrath and this is
going to be our first date we're here in
Arizona hanging out with friends from
Jackson so I wanted to show you my
guitars we've got a pretty cool array of
Jackson models out on this one of course
you know we start with with my signature
model Dominion and this is the newest of
those and I call it the black beauty
because it's black and it's beautiful
and it's got the binding and the gold
hardware and this is probably I guess
this is my newest Custom Shop model and
it's it's really getting a lot of stage
time lately because I'm really into this
guitar this is a we call this one red
number one because for quite a while
until this guy showed up this was the
number one guitar kind of the
quarterback if you will but this is
actually the third custom shop Dominion
ever made so we should call it red
number three but we call it red number
one this has been in a lot of pictures
and you know a lot of YouTube videos and
that kind of stuff so it's all over the
place but this is a this is a another
killer guitar this one here is we're
doing on the new on the new tour we're
doing a well on the new album we did
some songs that were dropped down the C
sharp so this is my C sharp guitar
because most of the other stuff is in
drop B and this is simply an off the
shelf Dominion it's not a Custom Shop
model it wasn't done anything
specifically made for me made in Japan
this is just like you can fill in the
store and buy it's got the new upgrades
so it's got the you know it's got the
faux binding if you will in the
unfinished neck but outside of that this
is just like you go to your regular
music store and buy and this is what I'm
using on this tour for the for the
c-sharp songs this is a very special I
guess this is a stud mahogany SLS I
believe it's a soloist and it's the
mahogany soloist and this guitar was
used extensively on the new record on
wrath I did up probably most of the
guitar solos on that record were
recorded
with this guitar just because I mean
it's designed to shred that's what these
things were made for so you know when I
wanted to pull out some shred I pulled
out the soloist this is my brand-new
Jackson Adrian Smith model that I just
got and I'm pretty excited about I'm not
quite sure what two nominees is for yet
but uh plays great it's a lot of fun so
definitely be working this one into the
Arsenal and into the set as well and
this one here finally is a this is the
first this isn't my first Jackson but
this is the first I was ever sent by
Jackson this is the first guitar I was
sent when uh when I kind of started
working with Jackson on an endorsement
level and the story behind it is I was
playing a very old beat-up Randy Rhoads
and I needed a bridge for it because my
sweat is incredibly corrosive and
disgusting and I was actually rotting
out the bridge so I wrote Jackson and
tried to hip them to what I was doing in
the hopes that they'd send me a couple
bridges so I could replace my own
bridges and keep playing my roads and
what they actually wound up doing was
sending me this guitar and I used it a
lot on tour back in the day and I used
it in the our video for ruined and so on
this tour I brought it back out and I'm
going to be playing ruin on this guitar
and so this is my first official guitar
that I got when I was officially a
Jackson player so we're bringing that
one back out just as a as a salute
thanks everybody
you